Hi.
We didn't expect lecture re going to continue our jogging of icons and regrouping to draw as search
I can end up play by them play icon.
OK so I'm going to name this search icon OK and I'm going to come over here to our newly created art
board and I'm just going to delete everything inside of this artwork because I'm going to bring in a
circle or an ellipse this time and I'm going to hit shift in order to make disproportional.
OK and then later on I'm going to draw a line over here as a holder over magnifying glass.
OK like that and maybe we can do some editing over here.
So let me just zoom in a little bit and I'm just going to go for this so it will make it around like
that and now I believe this looks good.
But maybe we can do this a little bit bigger in order to have a better look.
So choose this.
And hit upper arrow over here to make this a little bit bigger like that.
So I believe that's good for research.
I can.
All right.
So of course you can have some symbols or here or some like a bigger circle to make this a little bit
better like that.
So maybe it's kind of longer holder.
And yeah I believe that's good.
So we can go for this.
And of course there is always room for improvement over here and but I'm not going to waste time on
that you can just try to make it better on your own time rather I'm just going to copy and paste this
one more time because we're going to create the play I can.
OK.
So kind of a play button.
So let me zoom in and we're going to delete everything over here as well.
So that's let me close down the series and I will bring in a triangle over here like that and we're
going to use this as our play button.
So let me just make it central and then I'm going to rotate it like that so that we can have this shape.
So as you can see now it looks like a play button but we're going to make it better.
So first of all I'm just going to give it a fill in the color of this border and then I'm just going
to make this look something like smoother over here.
Yeah.
This works well now I believe it's good right.
So it looks like a play icon so you can just use it to play videos or you can use this in your feed
tab bar as well.
So let's stop here and continue with the additional examples in the next lecture.